[Source](https://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/transport/what-could-have-caused-mondays-incident-of-train-moving-with-open-door "Permalink to What could have caused Monday's incident of train leaving Ang Mo Kio station with open door, Transport News & Top Stories")

# STRAITS TIMES: What could have caused Monday's incident of train leaving Ang Mo Kio station with open door, Transport News & Top Stories

SINGAPORE - MRT trains are designed in such a way that when any one of its doors is not closed properly, the train cannot move off.

This is because the electrical circuitory of the doors is interlocked with an electrical system which controls the train propulsion system.

But if a door's electrical circuitory is isolated from the train propulsion system, the train can move when the door is open.

Technical faults or human error can also lead to a train moving when a carriage door is open, as it did on March 11 evening.

A North-South line train at Ang Mo Kio station moved off when a station manager isolated a faulty door's circuitory from the rest of the train.

Operator SMRT shed more light on the incident on Tuesday.

Responding to a query, SMRT Trains chief executive Lee Ling Wee said: “The station manager had made an error in bypassing the train door interlocking system before the train door was closed.

“This allowed the train to move off. We are strengthening our procedures to prevent a re-occurrence of such nature. Safety is our top priority.”

Former SMRT Trains employees said it should not have happened, but it sometimes does.

SMRT did not respond to requests for more clarity on the matter.

One former veteran SMRT operations staff member explained:"When there's a problem with one of the doors, the train will not be able to move.

"Someone will need to activate a door bypass switch, and withdraw the train from service."

He added that the March 11 incident was "definitely human error".

The Straits Times understands that the train – procured and owned by the Land Transport Authority – involved was put into service two years ago, in 2017.

Monday's incident was not the first time a train had moved with an open carriage door. In 2016, a Bukit Panjang LRT train door opened while the train was travelling from Bukit Panjang to Senja amid a five-hour service disruption.

SMRT said then that the cause could have been a design flaw.

Singapore Institute of Technology Associate Professor Andrew Ng said: "Based on the interlocking principles, the train should not move until all doors are closed and locked. However, the operator can intervene and override the interlocking, causing the train to move."

Commuters have expressed concern over the incident. University student Kyle Malinda-White, 26, said: "This shouldn't be happening at all. Our system is not that old. They should fix it."
